[Inference API] Add Docs for AlibabaCloud AI Search Support for the Inference API (#112273)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/inference/service-alibabacloud-ai-search.asciidoc

==== {api-request-title}

`PUT /_inference/<task_type>/<inference_id>`

[discrete]
[[infer-service-alibabacloud-ai-search-api-path-params]]
==== {api-path-parms-title}

`<inference_id>`::
(Required, string)
include::inference-shared.asciidoc[tag=inference-id]

`<task_type>`::
(Required, string)
include::inference-shared.asciidoc[tag=task-type]
+
--
Available task types:

* `text_embedding`,
* `sparse_embedding`.
* `rerank`.
--

[discrete]
[[infer-service-alibabacloud-ai-search-api-request-body]]
==== {api-request-body-title}

`service`::
(Required, string) The type of service supported for the specified task type.
In this case,
`alibabacloud-ai-search`.

`service_settings`::
(Required, object)
include::inference-shared.asciidoc[tag=service-settings]
+
--
These settings are specific to the `alibabacloud-ai-search` service.
--

`api_key`:::
(Required, string)
A valid API key for the AlibabaCloud AI Search API.

`service_id`:::
(Required, string)
The name of the model service to use for the {infer} task.

The service_id available for the `text_embedding` task are:

* `ops-text-embedding-001`
* `ops-text-embedding-zh-001`
* `ops-text-embedding-en-001`
* `ops-text-embedding-002`

> You can find the supported `text_embedding` service_id at https://help.aliyun.com/zh/open-search/search-platform/developer-reference/text-embedding-api-details[embedding detail]
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the supported `text_embedding` service_id, refer to the https://help.aliyun.com/zh/open-search/search-platform/developer-reference/text-embedding-api-details[documentation].

```

> for the `sparse_embedding` task are:

Reviewer: Nit.

```suggestion
The service_id available for the `sparse_embedding` task is:
```

* `ops-text-sparse-embedding-001`

> You can find the supported `sparse_embedding` service_id at https://help.aliyun.com/zh/open-search/search-platform/developer-reference/text-sparse-embedding-api-details[sparse embedding detail]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the supported `sparse_embedding` service_id, refer to the https://help.aliyun.com/zh/open-search/search-platform/developer-reference/text-sparse-embedding-api-details[documentation].
```

> for the `rerank` task are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The service_id available for the `rerank` task is:
```

* `ops-bge-reranker-larger`

> You can find the supported `rerank` service_id at https://help.aliyun.com/zh/open-search/search-platform/developer-reference/ranker-api-details[rerank detail]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the supported `rerank` service_id, refer to the https://help.aliyun.com/zh/open-search/search-platform/developer-reference/ranker-api-details[documentation].
```

`host`:::
(Required, string)

> The name of the host address use for the {infer} task. You can find the host address at https://opensearch.console.aliyun.com/cn-shanghai/rag/api-key[API keys section]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name of the host address used for the {infer} task. You can find the host address at https://opensearch.console.aliyun.com/cn-shanghai/rag/api-key[ the API keys section] of the documentation.
```

`workspace`:::
(Required, string)

> The name of the workspace use for the {infer} task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name of the workspace used for the {infer} task.
```

`rate_limit`:::
(Optional, object)
By default, the `alibabacloud-ai-search` service sets the number of requests allowed per minute to `1000`.
This helps to minimize the number of rate limit errors returned from AlibabaCloud AI Search.
To modify this, set the `requests_per_minute` setting of this object in your service settings:
+
--
include::inference-shared.asciidoc[tag=request-per-minute-example]
--

`task_settings`::
(Optional, object)
include::inference-shared.asciidoc[tag=task-settings]
+
.`task_settings` for the `text_embedding` task type
[%collapsible%closed]
=====
`input_type`:::
(Optional, string)
Specifies the type of input passed to the model.
Valid values are:

> * `ingest`: use it for storing document embeddings in a vector database.
> * `search`: use it for storing embeddings of search queries run against a vector database to find relevant documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ingest`: for storing document embeddings in a vector database.
* `search`: for storing embeddings of search queries run against a vector database to find relevant documents.
```

> +
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

=====
+
.`task_settings` for the `sparse_embedding` task type
[%collapsible%closed]
=====
`input_type`:::
(Optional, string)
Specifies the type of input passed to the model.
Valid values are:

> * `ingest`: use it for storing document embeddings in a vector database.
> * `search`: use it for storing embeddings of search queries run against a vector database to find relevant documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ingest`: for storing document embeddings in a vector database.
* `search`: for storing embeddings of search queries run against a vector database to find relevant documents.
```

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

`return_token`:::
(Optional, boolean)

> Specify Whether to return the token name, the default value is false, it means that it will return the token id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `true`, the token name will be returned in the response. Defaults to `false` which means only the token ID will be returned in the response.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

=====

> +
> .`task_settings` for the `rerank` task type
> [%collapsible%closed]
> =====
> 
> There are no `task_settings` available for the `rerank` task type.
> 
> =====

Reviewer: I'D suggest removing this section if there is no content for it.

```suggestion
```

[discrete]
[[inference-example-alibabacloud-ai-search]]

> ==== AlibabaCloud AI Search service example

Reviewer: Nit.

```suggestion
==== AlibabaCloud AI Search service examples
```
